docs: add architecture info & dockerhub url (#910)
gitpod-io/workspace-images: README.md

[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-908a85?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images)
[![Build from Main](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/actions/workflows/push-main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/actions/workflows/push-main.yml)

Ready-to-use Docker images for [gitpod.io](https://www.gitpod.io) workspaces. All images are available on [Gitpod's Dockerhub page](https://hub.docker.com/u/gitpod).

For an example of how to use these images, please take a look at the [documentation](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image#configure-a-public-docker-image).

## 📢 Announcements

We upgraded to support [dazzle v2](https://github.com/gitpod-io/dazzle) and build with GitHub Actions.

## Summary

- **Operating System**: Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS

> - **OS Type**: linux

Reviewer: nit: Linux

[![Build from Main](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/actions/workflows/push-main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/actions/workflows/push-main.yml)

Ready-to-use Docker images for [gitpod.io](https://www.gitpod.io) workspaces. All images are available on [Gitpod's Dockerhub page](https://hub.docker.com/u/gitpod).

For an example of how to use these images, please take a look at the [documentation](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image#configure-a-public-docker-image).

## 📢 Announcements

We upgraded to support [dazzle v2](https://github.com/gitpod-io/dazzle) and build with GitHub Actions.

## Summary

- **Operating System**: Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS
- **OS Type**: Linux
- **Architecture**: x86_64

## Images

By default, Gitpod uses a standard Docker Image called [`workspace-full`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/blob/HEAD/dazzle.yaml#L23) as the foundation for workspaces.

Workspaces started based on this default image come pre-installed with Docker, Nix, Go, Java, Node.js, C/C++, Python, Ruby, Rust & PHP as well as tools such as Homebrew, Tailscale, Nginx & several more.

> If this image does not include the tools you need for your repository, we recommend you use [`workspace-base`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/blob/HEAD/dazzle.yaml#L3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this image does not include the tools you need for your repository, we recommend you start with [`workspace-base`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/blob/HEAD/dazzle.yaml#L3) and customize it according to your needs. You can refer to this [document to setup a custom docker image](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image).
```

> OR, [Bring your Dockerfile](https://www.gitpod.io/blog/docker-in-gitpod).

Reviewer 2: I would not recommend referencing the blog post as it is 4 years old at this point, was written before dazzle and contradicts what is written here (it uses workspace-full)

Author: ok, I will update our docs page.

```suggestion
OR, [Bring your Dockerfile](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image#configure-a-public-docker-image).
```

> OR, [Bring your Dockerfile](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image#configure-a-public-docker-image).

Reviewer 2: This points to the same document as the one in the sentence above. Can this be removed?

[![Build from Main](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/actions/workflows/push-main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/actions/workflows/push-main.yml)

Ready-to-use Docker images for [gitpod.io](https://www.gitpod.io) workspaces. All images are available on [Gitpod's Dockerhub page](https://hub.docker.com/u/gitpod).

For an example of how to use these images, please take a look at the [documentation](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image#configure-a-public-docker-image).

## 📢 Announcements

We upgraded to support [dazzle v2](https://github.com/gitpod-io/dazzle) and build with GitHub Actions.

## Summary

- **Operating System**: Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS
- **OS Type**: Linux
- **Architecture**: x86_64

## Images

By default, Gitpod uses a standard Docker Image called [`workspace-full`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/blob/HEAD/dazzle.yaml#L23) as the foundation for workspaces.

Workspaces started based on this default image come pre-installed with Docker, Nix, Go, Java, Node.js, C/C++, Python, Ruby, Rust & PHP as well as tools such as Homebrew, Tailscale, Nginx & several more.

> If this image does not include the tools you need for your repository, we recommend you start with [`workspace-base`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/blob/HEAD/dazzle.yaml#L3) and,
> 
> customize it according to your needs. You can refer to this [document to setup a custom docker image](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this image does not include the tools you need for your repository, we recommend you start with [`workspace-base`](https://github.com/gitpod-io/workspace-images/blob/HEAD/dazzle.yaml#L3) and customize it according to your needs. You can refer to this [document to setup a custom docker image](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image).
```

OR, [Bring your Dockerfile](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image#configure-a-public-docker-image).

> According to your repository. You can refer to this [documentation to setup a custom docker image](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image).

Reviewer 2: This is now superfluous.

> According to your repository. You can refer to this [documentation to setup a custom docker image](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image).

Author: ```suggestion
```
